Employment History
Provide the following information on all employers in the last fifteen years, if not already provided in your application.
Employer Name
ABC services
Dates ofEmployment (mm-dd-yyyy)
1/1/2013 to Current
Street Address 1
AVC street
Street Address 2
City
New York City
Postal Zone/Zip Code 12345
Telephone Number
+1 123-456-789
Job Title
System Developer
Job Description
System Developer
Employer Name
PQR Services
Dates of Employment (mm-dd-yyyy) 1 Aug 2010 to 30 Sep 2013
Street Address 1
Indian Street
am22tech.com Street Address 2
State/Province
NY
Country/Region USA
City
Gurugram
Postal Zone/Zip Code 120001
Telephone Number
+91-123-456-7890
Job Title
Assistant Consultant
Job Description
State/Province
Haryana Country/Region INDIA
Architecture and design for development team. Subject matter expert within the environment for [Technologies].
The information provided in this application and other information submitted may be provided to other U.S. government agencies having statutory or other lawful authority to use such information, including for law enforcement and immigration law enforcement purposes. I understand that any willfully false or misleading statement or willful concealment of a material fact made by me herein may subject me to permanent exclusion from the United States and, if I am admitted to the United States, may subject me to criminal prosecution and/or removal.
Applicant's Signature
ABC
For use by United States embassy or consulate official only:
PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT STATEMENT
DS-160/DS-260 Barcode Number MY_DS_160 number
Date (mm-dd-yyyy) 08/26/2019
Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 60 minutes per response, including time required for searching existing data sources, gathering the necessary documentation, providing the information and/or documents required, and reviewing the final collection. You do not have to supply this information unless this collection displays a currently valid OMB control number. If you have comments on the accuracy of this burden estimate and/or recommendations for reducing it, please send them to: PRA_BurdenComments@state.gov.
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT
AUTHORITIES: The information on this form is requested pursuant to Section 212(a) and 221 and as required by Section 222 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Section 222(f) provides that the records of the Department of State and of diplomatic and consular offices of the United States pertaining to the issuance and refusal of visas or permits to enter the United States shall be considered confidential and shall be used only for the formulation, amendment, administration, or enforcement of the immigration, nationality, and other laws of the United States. Certified copies of such records may, in the discretion of the Secretary of State, be made available to a court provided the court certifies that the information contained in such records is needed in a case pending before the court.
PURPOSE: The U.S. Department of State uses the information provided on this form to determine an individual's eligibility for a U.S. visa. Individuals who fail to submit this form or who do not provide all the requested information may be denied a U.S. visa. Although furnishing this information is voluntary, failure to provide this information may delay or prevent the processing of an individual visa application. DS-5535
Page 3 of 3
am22tech.com
